all right we're going to take you now to
Tel Aviv where the prime minister of
Israel and the US president are
speaking seeks to maximize civilian
casualties Hamas wants to kill as many
Israelis as possible and has no regard
whatsoever to Palestinian lives every
day they perpetrate a double War crime
targeting our civilians while hiding
behind their civilians embedding
themselves in the civilian population
and using them as human
Shields we've seen the cost of this this
terrible double War crime against
humanity that Kamas is perpetrating in
the last 11 days is Israel legitimately
targets terrorists civilians are
unfortunately harmed Kamas is
responsible and should be held
accountable for all civilian casualties
we saw the cost of this terrible War
crime yesterday when a rocket fired by a
Palestinian terrorist misfired and
landed on a Palestinian Hospital the
entire world was rightfully outraged but
this outrage should be directed not in
Israel but at the
terrorist as we proceed in this war
Israel will do everything it can to keep
civilians out of Harm's Way we have
asked them and we'll continue to ask
them to move to safer areas will
continue to work with you Mr
President to assure that the minimal
requirements are met and will continue
to work together to get our hostages
Out Mr President the road to Victory
will be long and hard but United in
purpose and with a deep sense of justice
and the unbreakable Spirit of our
soldiers and Our People Israel will
prevail thank you Mr President well
thank you uh Mr Prime
Minister in the wake of hamas's uh
appalling terrorist of all was brutal
inhumane almost beyond belief what they
did this cabinet came together and uh
standing strong standing United and uh I
want you to know you're not alone you
are not alone as I emphasized earlier we
will continue to have Israel's back as
you work to defend and your people we'll
continue to work with you and partners
across the region to prevent more
tragedy to innocent
civilians 75 years ago your Founders
declared that this nation would be one
based quote based on freedom justice and
peace based on freedom justice and peace
the United States stands with you in
defense of that freedom in pursuit of
that Justice
and in support of that peace today
tomorrow and always we promise
[Applause]
you they don't give up they don't give
up nothing changes same in
Washington okay you're watching alzer's
continuing coverage of the Israel Gaza
War and what you just saw what you just
listened to were the Israeli Prime
Minister and the US presidents uh both
in Tel Aviv at this hour it's the second
time they speak in the last two hours or
so short statements on uh